# Telegram Bot template

Based on [telegram.ext](https://python-telegram-bot.org/).

To keep the bot Token and the Chat ID secret I store them in
`instanceElements.py`, respectively as `TK` and `GID`, this file will be
generated by the script if it doesn't already exist.

Since this is supposed to run automatically on some kind of server (a RPi 3B+
in my case), I wrote a systemd service file.  The script will place it
`/lib/systemd/system/` and edit it accordingly.

Refer to [systemd](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/systemd) for more on
the topic.

The provided `install.sh` is to be run inside the install folder with Token and
Chat ID as arguments: ``` bash ./install.sh YourToken YourChatID ``` The script
will check the dependencies, create the `instanceElements.py` file if missing,
edit the systemd service file with the correct path and place it in
`/lib/systemd/system/` (done using `sudo` as it needs write privileges), start
and enable the Bot.service.

# Tasker

This bot has 2 functionalities:
- Timer: every 12 hours the bot will a message defined by the
  `timeMixed_content` function to the `GID` group. This message will contain
  the current hour and the response from one the APIs available.
- Movie bucket list: it's possible with the `\addFilm` command add a movie to a
  bucket list, alongside a reminder date and a magnet link.

Upon triggering the `time` command the bot will select a random REST API from
the ones provided and make a request, to add new endpoints refer to the api.py
file.
